what is going on everyone its roots and
today I'm going to be teaching you how
to get the troll face mask that older
internet meme stuff and a lot of
trending things on the internet so you
want to do you want to go and hop over
to the avatar store and then just press
that and look for the hashtag trending
bubble up here up on that now you'll
have a ton of stuff that you can get
blue unicorn the forever alone head in
the forever alone mask now each one of
these like the head pieces they all come
with a head or a mask and some look
better than the other but you can judge
you got some t-shirts for grumpy cat got
the I lied mask and then the I lied head
head looks like an iceberg to make the
lawhead Bowl mask the whole run looks
really stupid nyan cat the no mask no
head I reckon that one looks pretty good
to me
me gusta me gusta again he's got the
okay head ok mask that bodysuit that
just makes you look over biggest creep a
rage head rage mask the unicorn onesie
again now troll head looks pretty arena
looks pretty bad to me but the mask
I'd rather get the mask plus it's one
buck cheaper and yes these costs money
to do I've got a unicorn I don't know to
work yes you can't work and be Miley
Cyrus everyone and that's about it
oh yeah and the way no head and why you
know mask so tell me guys which one are
you going to get I'm probably gonna get
the no head Huracan that one looks cool
or maybe they're just the troll mask but
um yeah leave a comment below on what I
should get and what you guys are going
to get so yeah in the meantime guys a
peace